Javascript is built into every web browser, so almost every web page uses some kind of javascript. HTML provides the basic outline of the web page that gets displayed in a browser, CSS provides the layout and styling, and javascript provides most of the rest of the functionality.

Over the past fifteen years, the big trend in web development is to create a Single-Page Application. This means that rather than doing a complete page reload, instead new pages and content are loaded based on javascript requests to the server that instead re-render part of the web page.

Node.js is a server which is written using javascript, so it's possible to have a website which has both a javascript server and a javascript front-end. Javascript is everywhere!

React.js is a framework that was invented at Facebook that is the most popular javascript framework for creating web pages. If you want to get a job as a web developer, your best bet is to become really good on the front-end. And because React.js is the most popular front-end framework, you should put A LOT of effort on including some meaningful React.js applications in your portfolio.

React Native is another framework that basically allows you to wrap up your React.js code (though it is slightly different) and compile it into a native app for both Android and iOS. So learning React will also allow you to create mobile apps easily!

For the full-stack developer, being able to use javascript to create interactive elements of web pages is indispensible and will usually be at least part of your job. As you learn multiple programming languages, you'll realize that they have a lot more similarities than differences, and a lot of the skills you've learned with one will carry over.