This HTML page takes the value of two text input fields, pushes it to an array, and then creates HTML for the users array and writes it to the page.

```
<html>
<body>
  <h3>Users:</h3>
  <p><strong>Name</strong> Hobby</p>
  <div id="users"></div>
  <input type="text" id="name">
  <input type="text" id="hobby">
  <button id="myBtn">Add User</button>
  <script>
    var users = [];
    function addUser(){
      let name = document.getElementById("name").value;
      let hobby = document.getElementById("hobby").value;

      users.push([name, hobby])

      let usersHTML = users.map(user => `<p><strong>${user[0]}</strong> ${user[1]}</p>`).join("");
      document.getElementById("users").innerHTML = usersHTML;
    }

    document.getElementById("myBtn").addEventListener("click", addUser);
  </script>
</body>
</html>
```



`push` Adds a value to the end of an array. In this case, it is a two-dimensional array, or an array of arrays, which will look like this:

[["John", "Swimming"], ["Allen", "Soccer"]]

`<p>` this is a "paragraph" tag that is used to separate different paragraphs in HTML which creates the line breaks.

`<strong>` this is basically the same as the `<b>` or bold tag.

`map` This takes each element in an array, and then performs a function on those elements, and returns the result. This is used in most programming languages and is considered better style than just iterating over each element with a for loop.

However, it is functionally equivalent to doing this:

let usersHTML = "";

for(var i = 0; i< users.length; i++){
usersHTML += `<p><strong>${user[0]}</strong> ${user[1]}</p>`;
}

You'll also notice that we are doing string interpolation to get the variables into the string

`<p><strong>${user[0]}</strong> ${user[1]}</p>`

This is functionally equivalent to just concatenating the strings

usersHTML += "<p><strong>" + user[0] + "</strong> " + user[1] + "</p>"

It's up to you which one you use, but the interpolation is usually easier to work with.

`join` this joins together the variables in an array into a string with the specified separator:

https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_join.asp

So, using what you've seen in this example:

1. Create a page with three buttons - add one, double, and halve. Display a number that starts with 1. When the user clicks the button, do what the button says to the number, and display the new number on the page.

2. Create a web page similar to the one above which will keep track of your monthly spending, like a bank statement. Has an input for a number, and an input for what the expense was, so something like Coffee - 3.00

Store the expenses as numbers (integers, decimals, or floats) so that you can calculate and display a total each time, but display them in the format "$3.00".

3. Make a simple adventure game with three buttons - Mine, Farm, or Gamble. The player should have a "gold" variable.

Mine - adds 5-15 gold
Farm - adds 2-6 gold
Gamble - adds or subtracts 0-75 gold

To make it more fun, choose an image from online to represent each of the three activities. When the user clicks the button, update the gold, but also display the image for that activity.

4. Most applications will allow you to add multiple users at once. Using the example above as a base, add a button to the page which says "add another user". When this button is clicked, add another input for name and hobby. Then, when "add user" is clicked, add all of the users at once.

To do this, you should know the difference between ID and class. ID represents a single HTML element - class represents multiple HTML elements. You should be able to select of all of the inputs on the page by giving them the class userInput, and then taking their values and adding them to the users array.

In CSS, class is represented by a dot - .userInput { background-color: red;} and ID is represented by a hash - #userInput { background-color: red;}


5. Add a remove user button to the example above. This should remove the specific user from the list. To do this, when you are adding the HTML for the users list, also add a button that says delete.

`<button class="deleteButton" onClick="deleteUser("Kevin")>delete</button>`

This should work, there are probably other ways to get the name of the user.

Then, find a way to delete the specific user from the users array. You may have to iterate over each of it, find the one where user[0] matches "Kevin", and then delete it.