Create a rails application CRUD. Can use scaffolding at first. 

Create table Books
title:string
published_year:integer

Deploy this to Github and post a link to the repo in this channel. 

Learning Goals:
Rails scaffolding
Rails database migrations
Setting up Rails environment

useful commands:

`rails new app myapp`

Start rails server:
`rails s`

Stop rails server:
`control+c`

Create scaffold:
`rails g scaffold Pet name:string age:integer`

This creates models, views, controllers, and database migrations for a fully functional CRUD application with one command.

Create database:
`rake db:create`

migrate database (creates or edits columns in tables from migration files in db/migrations)
`rake db:migrate`

Pushing to Github for submitting assignment -
Setup Github on your computer with credentials

navigate to app folder - 
```
cd myapp
git init
```

Run `git status` a lot to see what is going on.

This shows what files are staged and unstaged

##unstaged - 
RED = file has been changed since last git commit and will not be included in next git commit. 

##staged
GREEN - file has been changed and will be included in next commit.

`git commit -m "commit message"`

Include a very short but meaningful message. "first commit" is fine. This tags your changes. It is REQUIRED

https://www.datacamp.com/community/tutorials/git-push-pull

`git push -u origin main`

Github recently changed 'master' to 'main'. This is the primary branch in the repo.

You will probably see this error:

```
fatal: The current branch main has no upstream branch.
To push the current branch and set the remote as upstream, use

    git push --set-upstream origin main
```

Just run ` git push --set-upstream origin main` if you see this.

Whenever you see an error, just google the error and it will tell you what to do.
