Add a migration/model for author. Create a second table

```
authors
name:string
birth_year:integer
```

Add foreign key to books - author_id with has_many belongs_to relationship. Add CRUD for authors. Allow the user to select author from a select element.

Deploy this to the same repo and post link in this channel

Learning goals:
Updating a database with migrations
Creating a belongs_to has_many relationship in your database
Updating controller strong parameters

Create a select element which is populated from your Author table in the database.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14717707/rails-populating-select-options-from-database

Rails has form helpers that generate the HTML for forms for you. You need to learn how to use them to create html forms and the input elements within them.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26317852/adding-new-element-in-rails-form

Rails controllers have "strong parameters." This only allows explicitly accepted parameters on controller methods so you need to update them at the bottom of your your books controller to allow the :author_id parameter. Google "strong parameters rails tutorial."

Also, set the root URL in your routes.rb to "/books". This will display the books list page as the main page of your app at "localhost:3000/"

https://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#using-root

Basically:
Run another scaffold g author command to create the authors table

migrate your database

Add the select element based on authors table

Update strong parameters to allow author_id on books controller

Push to github
