#14 Introduction to database analysis
https://github.com/thechaudharysab/Chipotle-data_analysis-example/blob/master/chipotle.tsv

Convert this to a CSV. Create database tables and models with the appropriate columns. Import the CSV into your database. (just read the CSV and then insert each row into the database) Might be easier to remove the dollar sign so it's easier to work with.

Write individual scripts (saved as .rb files) that you run from the Rails console (rails c, copy paste the script) to answer the following questions. 

How many Burritos were sold?

What were gross sales during this period?

What was the most popular menu item?

Which is the most popular kind of meat - Steak, Chicken, or something else?

Which kind of canned soda is most popular?

What were gross sales for drinks/food?

Present your work in a .READme file hosted somewhere - Github repo or pages is fine. Use a markdown table.

https://www.markdowntutorial.com/
https://stackedit.io/

USE CODE BLOCKS!!!

When you are quoting code, use three backticks `\`\`\`` ` above and below your code. This works in Discord, Slack, or markdown. Use a single backtick to wrap the code if multiline doesn't look good or if it's just a variable. This is very important for having your conversations about code look professional.

Don't use it all the time, but it will make your conclusions and questions look much more professional.

So, for example, in your Github repos the README.md is a great place to write about your work. The more you write there, the better. Describe what your app does, who you did it for, which libraries it uses, how it works, etc. Try to do this as much as you can.