Model callbacks and rspec
Create a database

You can use rails scaffolding for this

companies has_many employees
employees belongs_to company

Some employees are managers.

use a rails model callback to count total_employees and total_managers whenever adding a new user to a company. Be sure this is displayed in the UI

https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_callbacks.html

Model callbacks are event hooks within your models. So you can trigger a function every time you add a user to the database for example.

There are other likes, like before_save (for validating fields with custom logic), after_destroy (might need to clean up records, etc.)

This is actually where most of Ruby on Rails business logic lives, so it is imperative that you understand how to do this.

```
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_create :send_email
  before_destroy :notify_manager_of_deletion

  def send_email
    puts "sending confirmation email now!"
    UserMailer.with(user: self).confirmation_email.deliver_now
  end

  def notify_manager
    puts "user being deleted!"
    UserMailer.with(user: self).notify_manager_of_deletion.deliver_now
  end
end
```

Database schema for this assignment should look like this:

```
employees - email:string, role:string
counts - employee_count:integer, manager_count:integer
companies - name:string
```

So `user.role` is a string that is either `'employee'` or `'manager'`.

If you can manage it, try to have each count be BY COMPANY.

```
company = Company.create(name: "Starbucks")
employee = Employee.create(email: "employee@starbucks.com", company_id: company.id, role: "employee")
manager = Employee.create(email: "employee@starbucks.com", company_id: company.id, role: "manager")
Count.find_by(company_id: company.id)
=> employee_count: 1, manager_count: 1
```

So the counts will automatically update through the model callbacks when you add employees.

If you want to get fancy use an enum for this.

So here, write TWO MODEL CALLBACKS. Google "model callbacks rails" tutorial if you still don't understand.

This is a good time to learn about RSPEC/unit testing as well. See the assignments in the intro course for a more thorough guide to do this.

Install rspec into your rails app.

https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/getting-started-with-rspec

Then, in your rails root directory, you should be able to run `rspec spec` (spec is where your test files go), and then it will confirm that your model callbacks are working as expected.

This is another VERY IMPORTANT part of learning to be a Rails developer. Unit tests are very straightforward and valuable on the back-end and they are one thing that will make or break your job interviews sometimes. Once you learn how to use the test framework, writing the tests is easy.

they will look like this:

```
it 'increases user count when adding a user'
  company = Company.create(name: "Starbucks")
  employee = Employee.create(email: "employee@starbucks.com", company_id: company.id, role: "employee")
  manager = Employee.create(email: "employee@starbucks.com", company_id: company.id, role: "manager")
  starbucks_count = Count.find_by(company_id: company.id)
  expect(starbucks_count.employee_count).to eq(1)
  expect(starbucks_count.manager_count).to eq(1)
end
```

This means that you can 
1. Confirm your code works as expected in the first place
2. If you make changes elsewhere in your app, this section of code continues to work and hasn't been affected.

If you aren't sure how testing works go back to the beginner course where there are simple assignments introducing it.

Install/configure rspec unit testing.

Write tests:

confirm that adding a user will increase the total_employees by 1
Confirm that adding a manager will increase the total_managers by 1.

confirm that destroying a user will decrease the total_employees by 1
Confirm that destroying a manager will decrease the total_managers by 1.