#20

What makes up a Rails application? 

Ruby on Rails is a MODEL VIEW CONTROLLER framework.

This means it is like most of the other web development frameworks on the market, the other one being Laravel which is like Rails for PHP.

Web applications following this framework have a model that interacts with the database, controller methods that respond to HTTP requests, and views which are dynamically rendered HTML pages.

Part 1: Routes.rb

This is your first stop.  Routes.rb determines which HTTP requests your app will respond to.

So write something like 

```
http://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html

get '/patients/:id', to: 'patients#show'
```

So here, the URL
```
your-rails-app.com/patients/555
```

Will display a page with information about patient 555.

:id here - this is a URL parameter. It's like an input that says "give information about patient 555". To create what is considered a logical, standard web app, then you should make your HTTP "endpoints" or routes/controller methods logically match with the URLs or URIs that you have. Look up URL vs URI.

I CHALLENGE you to create a 10-page rails application.

to render a page, create

1. a route - this is the URL that goes to the page. Should be GET

2. a controller method - above, the controller "patients" has the method "show", and the URL /patients/:id 

3. a view. A rails controller method will automatically try to render a view that has the same name as the method -

so if you have

```
patients#show
```
it would look for a file named views/patients/show.html.erb and try to render it automatically. 

You can render different views with render 'index' at the end of your controller method.

You can create links between your different pages by using simple anchor tags.

```
<a href="/patients/">All Patients</a>
```

If you need to put a variable in - for example, to show patient page 555

```
<a href="/patients/<%= patient.id %>">Show patient <%= patient.name %></a>
```

This looks kind of ugly but it's the simplest way to do it. 

You can inject ruby anywhere

Either put the ruby directly there

```
<%= patient.name %>
```

or call a ruby method, usually done for loops or to instantiate a form

```
<% @patients.each do |patient %>
```

Notice the difference is <%= vs <% (also can do <%- for no-print)

So, I CHALLENGE you - I want anyone taking this course to have ONE BIG REPO that contains all of their work on this course. It eliminates overhead, keeps everything on one place, and it helps you get used to managing a larger rails app, and that way you don't have to always be creating a new app.

So create at least 10 pages of static content in a ruby on rails page using HTML and CSS. You can copy the content, but don't copy the code :-)

"About me" and "my goals in software engineering" are good topics. So would a blog.

ALSO - take as much of your own Ruby/Rails work that you can, and host it within this rails monorepo. everything in one place! Make it easily navigable, and include github links and "blog posts" within your app about how much fun you had on certain assignments
