#23

ASSIGNMENT - using the form above, reverse-engineer rails scaffolding

create a controller that allows you to 

* list all
* create
* show one
* update
* delete

also create routes and views for this.

Remember, you can autopopulate the information for an already saved record into a form by doing something like this to interpolate the variable from Ruby into HTML.

```
<input type="text" name="name" value="<%= author.name %>"
```

This is a bit weird, but it might be useful for you - instead of saving the information to a database, SAVE and READ the information to files.

JSON would be a good idea, but you can save the data into a file however you want - maybe a CSV containing all of the records? Yeah, CSV is a good idea, or json files named like

1. json
2. json.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11426732/how-to-append-data-to-csv-file/11426925

https://www.rubyguides.com/2015/05/working-with-files-ruby/

Good luck... This is VERY useful to know how to do.

For using files

1. figure out how to write to a file
2. figure out how to read a file into ruby
3. Figure out how to read all files in a directory
4. Figure out how to encode the data into a file in a way that you can read later
5. Do you need IDs?

For using CSVs

Figure out how to read and iterate over a csv
Figure out how to get the data into Rails so you can display it in your view

IDs in databases are often (but not always) a sequential number -

students table

| id | name |
|----|------|
| 1 | Mark |
| 2 | Aaron |

And this is VERY important because you need to use that ID to look up the record with your URL parameter (these are ALWAYS used)

```
/patients/:id
```

So figure out how to structure your data in this file exercise so that they have IDs and you can look up an individual record by ID.
