#24

Databases

A database is basically just a spreadsheet that you can run queries against.

A rails model uses methods from Active Record - look it up.

This is an ORM for a database table.

So the model Student will be able to query against the table students by default.
Reply can query replies, etc. (rails is usually pretty smart about english words)

```
Student.create(name: "Mark", hobby: "Soccer")
Student.find_by(name: "Mark")
Student.find(1)

Student.where("age > 20")

Student.find_by(name: "Mark").update(hobby: "Basketball")
Student.find_by(name: "Mark").destroy

Student.all
```

These are basic examples of active record queries that are turned into SQL.

Run a loop to create seed data using random numbers. also install the game "faker" for random names.

Create 5000 students.

Give them a height in integers (cm or inches)

Give them a random GPA for 4 years of school with trimesters

Display all of the information about them with list view, pagination, show page. On the show page, show their average grade per year and overall. 

Create a page that shows the average grade for students whose name starts with each letter of the alphabet, and how many students there are whose names start with that letter.

Get the average grade for students by height. Use a charting library to create a data visualization for this. X axis is height, Y axis is average grade.

Active Record Model callbacks

It's generally considered good style to put most of your company's business logic in models. Skinny controllers, fat models, they say.

A lot of this can be done with model callbacks - these will call blocks of code depending on how a model is saved in Rails.

So say, you save a student who is over 70 inches tall in your database. You can put a block of code that will email them an invitation to join the school basketball team.

```
model Student < ActiveRecord
after_save :check_height_for_basketball_team

def check_height_for_basketball_team
    if height > 70
      SportsMailer.invite_to_team.self
  end
end

```
It's important to note - from within a model method, you are within the instance of the model.

So when you use the variable height, that will be the height of the student table row/model that you are executing code from within the context of.

Instance vs class methods

an instance method can be used on each individual student. So, in this case, invite them to the basketball team based on their height.

But if you have a method that relates to students generally, but not a particular student, it's better as a class method - this CANNOT be called on an individual student

so you could call 

```
@student.check_height_for_basketball_team
```

But you can't call 

```
Student.student.check_height_for_basketball_team
```

But if you want to say, mail out a back to school info to all students

```
def self.mail_info
   Student.all.each do |student|
      student.send_email
  end
end
```

Then you'd call this method with Student.mail_info. The capital letter refers to the class - an "instance" is one "instantiation" of a class. 