Your assignment is to use the examples below to write a method called "double" which takes an integer parameter
Double it, and return the doubled value.
Then write a test confirming the method works.

Also write a method called add_five with return value and two tests.

Also let me say - I know that there are lots of websites that offer similar curriculum. I think it's better for your own
learning to do everything on your own on your computer rather than let some website curate the experience for you so that you get the hang of running code.

My goal in this introduction course is to give a thorough introduction to using Ruby, writing unit tests with rspec, basic data structures, variables, functions, HTTP requests, and forms. The intent is to give people a thorough introduction to the intermediate course.

Also to write comments in ruby files just precede them with a hash

ALL OF YOUR WORK HERE - just post either the code or the files in #standup

##Variables

Here, an all-inclusive intro to ruby.

On your computer, from the terminal, run irb to open a ruby console. Copy-paste the ruby code in to run it.

Or, run these files with ruby 1.rb .

printing a name

```
name = "Mark"

puts name

number = 5

if(number == 5)
  puts "the number is five"
else
  puts "the number is NOT five"
end
```

Notice that one equals sign assigns a variable, and two checks if the two variables are equal

##Arithmetic


```
sum = 5 + 5
puts sum

difference = 10 - 5
puts difference

product = 5 * 5
puts product

quotient = 5 / 5
puts quotient

```

This is called a function. Functions take a parameter or argument - "number"
This doesn't return anything, functions return a variable most of the time.

```
def my_name
  return "Mark"
end

instructor_name = my_name

puts instructor_name
=> "Mark"
```


```
def is_number_five?(number)
  if(number == 5)
    puts "the number is five"
  else
    puts "the number is NOT five"
  end
end

```


##Function with return type

```
def is_number_five?(number)
  if(number == 5)
    return true
  else
    return false
  end
end
```

##Simple testing:

You can see here - the method returns true or false - a "boolean" value. Then, we are checking that against our expectation


To run tests, do the following:

```
gem install rspec
gem install rspec-expectations
rspec --init
```

Put your tests at the bottom of your file below your method definition.

Then, run `rspec 1.rb` , or `rspec whatever.rb`

The hash below means method named is_number_five? This is a shorthand used in testing and in `routes.rb` to refer to methods.

```
describe "#is_number_five?" do
  it "Should return true" do
    expect(is_number_five?(5)).to eq(true)
  end

  it "Should return false" do
    expect(is_number_five?(6)).to eq(false)
  end
end
```
